#64 Mass Support documentation for v1.1.0 (#69)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/maya/muscle.md

### Scale Attributes
| Name | Type | Default | Animatable | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :------ | :--------- | :---------- |
| **Time Scale**       | Float      | 1.0             | ✓ | Sets the scaling factor applied to the simulation time step. Has a range of \[0.0, 2.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used. |
| **Space Scale**      | Float      | 1.0             | ✓ | Sets the scaling factor applied to the masses and/or the forces. AdonisFX interprets the scene units in meters. Because of that, to simulate external forces in the right scale, the *Space Scale* may need to be adjusted. For example, to apply *Gravity* with a value of 9.8 m/s^2^, the *Space Scale* should be set to 0.01. Has a range of \[0.0, 2.0\]. Upper limit is soft, higher values can be used. |

> | **Space Scale Mode** | Enumerator | Masses + Forces | ✓ | Determines if the spatial scaling affects the masses, the forces, or both. The available options are: <ul><li>Masses: The *Space Scale* only affects masses.</li><li>Forces: The *Space Scale* only affects forces.</li><li>Masses + Forces: The *Space Scale* only affects masses and forces.</li><ul> |

Author: I agree, I don't think that "only" adds any meaning there.

| **Use Custom Stiffness** | Boolean | False          | ✓ | Toggles the use of a custom stiffness value. If custom stiffness is used, *Material* and *Stiffness Multiplier* will be disabled and *Stiffness* will be used instead. |
| **Stiffness**            | Float   | 10<sup>5</sup> | ✓ | Sets the custom stiffness value. Its value must be greater than 0.0. |

#### Mass Properties

| Name | Type | Default | Animatable | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :------ | :--------- | :---------- |
| **Point Mass Mode**        | Enumerator | By Uniform Value | ✓ | Defines how masses should be used in the solver.<ul><li>*By Density* allows to estimate the mass value by multiplying Density * Volume.</li><li>*By Uniform Value* allows to set a uniform mass value.</li></ul> |

> | **Density**                | Float      | 1060.0           | ✓ | Sets the density value in kg/m3 to be able to estime mass values with *By Density* mode. Has a range of \[0.001, 1000000.0\]. Lower and upper limits are soft, lower and higher values can be used. |

Author: I agree, more readable.

> | **Density**                | Float      | 1060.0           | ✓ | Sets the density value in kg/m3 to be able to estime mass values with *By Density* mode. Has a range of \[0.001, 10<sup>6</sup>\]. Lower and upper limits are soft, lower and higher values can be used. |

Author: For the definition of the density attribute (in all deformers) I wrote "Sets the density value in kg/m3..", but I'm not sure if we should specify scene units instead of meters.

Reviewer: I believe we should write it in scene units. My suggestions for this would be one of these two:

Directly write it down
```suggestion
| **Density**                | Float      | 1060.0           | ✓ | Sets the density value in kilograms per cubic scene units to be able to estime mass values with *By Density* mode. Has a range of \[0.001, 10<sup>6</sup>\]. Lower and upper limits are soft, lower and higher values can be used. |
```

Or write scene units as a symbol
```suggestion
| **Density**                | Float      | 1060.0           | ✓ | Sets the density value in kg/su<sup>3</sup> (cubic scene uinits) to be able to estime mass values with *By Density* mode. Has a range of \[0.001, 10<sup>6</sup>\]. Lower and upper limits are soft, lower and higher values can be used. |
```

Reviewer 2: I would keep it as kg/m3 as it is the exact density parameter that was deduced from the papers. Changing it to kg/u3 will induce the user to think that there is an interna conversion happening. In the actual deformer tooltip we use kg/m3 so I would personally keep it like that to be "physically" correct. But let's have a chat before the release

Author: I will keep it as kg/m3, but writing the superscript properly.

> | **Density**                | Float      | 1060.0           | ✓ | Sets the density value in kg/m3 to be able to estime mass values with *By Density* mode. Has a range of \[0.001, 10<sup>6</sup>\]. Lower and upper limits are soft, lower and higher values can be used. |

Reviewer: Independent to how we proceed with the units, could you set the "to the power of 3" like this?
```suggestion
| **Density**                | Float      | 1060.0           | ✓ | Sets the density value in kg/m<sup>3</sup> to be able to estime mass values with *By Density* mode. Has a range of \[0.001, 10<sup>6</sup>\]. Lower and upper limits are soft, lower and higher values can be used. |
```

Author: Totally right, done!
